From Meltdown Comics in Hollywood, it's great to be back.
You guys missed a doozy up at the outside lands of San Francisco.
Harmontown, once again, is now in session.
Upe. Upe.
Dave Kline, go to the mic and give us a good Upe to start us off.
Just give me one good Upe.
One Upe.
Upe.
All right, sit down.
Spencer Crittenden and everybody, Spencer.
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown, fresh from the ladies room, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Hello, all right.
I thought the punchline was going to be, it doesn't ring a bell.
His face doesn't ring a bell.
I didn't hear it.
I couldn't hear it.
I know there was a guy.
Was it a dead ringer?
Was that it?
Yeah.
It was a dead ringer for the last one.
Classic.
Classic joke.
You didn't have to fill in for me.
I was ready to, I was just, I was told to stress.
I panicked.
I really, I really tossed that out early.
All right.
Well, let's see.
Uh-oh.
So we saw, we saw a radiohead at outside lands.
We did.
And I realized the name of their band is, it's kind of actually, even though they're,
they're not, uh, uh, uh, at all, uh, the genre, uh, that they're, the name of their band actually
sounds like the name of a song from like an 80s, like heavy metal band.
Like, like, and I kept, I kept, I was like, I was getting really high and I was singing.
I have this song I made up in my head.
It's like, like, it goes a little something like this.
I didn't want to present it as like, oh, it's a real song, but I, I guess I did.
And I, but I just, but I just started doing it a lot.
It was, uh, can we hear it?
Can we hear a little bit?
Let me just, let me just try a little acapella here.
Turn your station to misery.
Ow, watch your dial.
I don't know.
It's a place holding lyrics.
Put your favorite frequency.
I've got a radio head, a radio head, radio soul, radio rock, radio roll.
I've got a radio head.
A thousand watts of devil power, and a beaming in your soul, and tenders in your Satan dick.
To transmit in rocket rule, I've got a radio head.
Can we get the person that made the, uh, the Rob Schrab, uh, it gets worse song to put, to put that to a beat
and get, give me some heavy guitar on that one.
It was, it was better when I was high and then I get up here and I'm, it was fucking great.
All right, thanks.
It was great.
You were high in San Francisco on stage yesterday and you were beyond delightful.
You, you, you hit a beautiful sweet spot.
Then we got into a limo getting back from the airport today and Dan started just yelling at his laptop.
And we didn't know what was going on, but you lost a jet pack in Minecraft.
Yeah.
I went, I went to the nether with, with my jet pack because I wanted to get a broken spawner so that I could make a
powered spawner with Enderman in it so I could harvest Ender pearls and like, you know, like, like ratchet up my game a little bit.
And I, I started burrowing through a wall of nether rack and it was just blithely, cockily, like just shim, shimmy in along.
And then I, I got, I got buried in lava and I lost my jet pack.
And then I went, and then I went back to my base and I tried to make another jet pack.
I need appliances to do that.
And like, I forgot that I, I was using a tier one industrial craft metal former with, it hooked up to a CESU, which is a tier two power source.
And it, the metal former blew up.
Dan, don't talk down to us.
So the CESU was a tier two power transformer then.
Yeah, I had to forgot to put a transformer upgrade into the metal former.
How many metal formers exploded before you figured that out?
About three or four.
Jesus. And that is a lot of iron if I'm not mistaken.
That's okay because I have that iron exploit.
All right, of course.
That's been our show. Thanks for coming everybody.
All right. Well, okay. So, so if that doesn't amaze you, this will.
Well, don't, don't assume we weren't amazed by that.
I kind of, I cried. I did something wrong.
Like while I was like grabbing my laptop on the plane and I cracked my thumbnail a little bit.
Like it's just a little like, like chippy thing where it was like wherever you put your hand, it's going to get snagged, you know, and that kind of thing.
Nothing that big a deal, but it had to be taken care of.
So while we were waiting for, for you because we had that whole double shuttle thing happening and we were waiting by the door.
It's like, well, I have fingernail clippers.
It might be a little gross, but it's LAX who cares.
Like I'll, I'll go over to the way, the garbage can.
I'll be very discreet and I'll just like clip a little bit.
Some people are very, you know, I'm aware that, you know, there's different people have different triggers.
You know, it's like, like, like, like for some people, the sight or sound of somebody clipping their fingernails is fucking like awful, disgusting for them.
Like, like other people's teeth scraping on a fork, you don't know.
So I try, I went, I went, I went over to a garbage can away from everybody else and I, I just very discreetly was like, it's just going to be one thumbnail.
And I, and I clipped and it went shooting like a rocket.
Just missed someone's head like that was sitting and I just like ignored it.
I'm amazed.
What if I had pelted somebody with a fingernail?
That would be a bummer.
That would be insane.
Like, what do you, how do you even get out of that?
How do you even, what do you even say?
Did you enjoy your radio head experience yesterday?
Yeah, it was good.
I was, I just ate a lot of funnel cake and like peanut butter and chocolate and got a real bad heartburn.
But outside lands was fun.
We were walking around it.
I mean, I didn't like watch Radiohead or anything.
You can hear him playing in any way.
And I, it's like, it's not, it's not, it's like they're going to be better live.
It's Radiohead.
Not, they're not, they're not, they're not, they're not acoustic head.
They're not, they're not, they're not, they're not the pixies.
They fucking, they have radios for heads.
They're like, they're there.
As I understand it, they radio rock and radio roll.
The devil wants your station.
Broadcasting all night long.
My black heart's got a woofer tweeter.
Broadcast my song on a radio head.
Was this song sung by Starscream from the Decepticons?
On the way out to San Francisco, you know, you go up to the kiosk right before the X-ray
machines.
And everybody's using the QR code things now.
And I go, boop, and it doesn't work.
Everybody else goes through.
The guy's like, it's real cranky.
And he goes, he goes, it's not working.
It's not reading your thing.
And I'm like, well, boop, you know, it's not, it's not working.
And then the guy's like, well, do you have a paper ticket?
And I said, no.
And he's like, well, that's weird.
What?
Yeah, that's so weird.
So weird to not.
Because when we made the decision to maybe cut down a few less trees by using fucking
coal electric plants to get on the plane instead, it would be weird to not do both.
It would be weird to not cut down a tree, turn that into a ticket, and then also have
a power plant chug into your phone, and then also use that.
Yeah, real weird.
Fucking dick.
Why don't you just, how about you stick to what's ISIS and what's not ISIS?
And I'll tell you what's weird, you fucking fake cop.
Fucking weird, weird, weird fake cop with a baggy ass uniform.
They're always all baggy and dirty.
They look like they're wearing cop pajamas.
Fucking misshapen, fucking cop rejects, fucking critches.
Every single one of them just either at the bottom of their life or walking a razor thin
line between fucking like.
You're never going on TSA Pre again, my friends.
Oh yeah, TSA Pre, sure.
Let's get that vampire in our kitchen, sure.
Does anybody have TSA Pre?
Does anybody subject themselves to that?
I always wonder about that.
You said it's supposed to be great, is that what you said?
Yeah, I know it looks great and they make it look great because they have a whole lane
that they're not using.
What's that?
It's not convenient.
Ask for a wheelchair?
You could smuggle drugs if you got a wheelchair.
Just get an international travel number and then you don't have to figure out your laptop,
your internet, your pre-check, your everything.
I find the best way to get through security fast is be Seth Rogen.
Yeah.
I think I told on the show before where I broke my toe and I had a cane and I got right through everything.
I just had a cane, I just had a broken pinky toe and I got right up in front.
I was behind her like a Iraq veteran, like who had been blown up below the knee on both legs.
I was like, I just have a little boo-boo.
And yet they walk you right through.
You?
So you guys know what hyper plexia is?
Oh yeah.
My girlfriend had a friend at the show.
One of her gigs is teaching autistic kids and she's talking about hyper plexia,
which is like the opposite of dyslexia, I guess.
It's where you can read really fast, especially like it's little kids in childhood that read really fast,
but you have low comprehension.
You don't actually know what you're reading.
I was like, oh yeah, I can read really well, but I have to read like, if I didn't know you weren't supposed to move your lips when you read,
I would absolutely move my lips because that's only how fast I can understand anything,
like here in my head, but I could read like a page and just not have any retention.
I wonder if I'm hyper plexic.
Wouldn't that be cool?
That would be amazing.
Wouldn't that be cool, Jeff?
If I was hyper plexic?
So cool.
You'd be like the fawns of reading.
Yeah, because he loved rock and roll, but he'd hit the jukebox and it would just play or stop playing.
I was like, he's too good.
He called the toilet his office.
He doesn't fucking know.
What a cool guy.
Called the toilet his office.
He was 55 and like hung out with teenagers who were 38.
He was a 55 year old Jewish guy who hung out with teenagers.
He was four foot three, just lived in your attic and told everyone to sit on it all the time.
Sit on what?
It.
Sit on his dick?
Do you think that's what sit on it meant?
Sit on my dick?
It's rape culture, man.
It's fucked up.
The 50s were fucked up in the 70s.
Gary Marshall just passed away. Why are we laughing?
Stop it.
Way to go, you fucking ghouls.
I'm sure 75% of people have never seen an episode of Happy Days in their life.
Yeah, but everybody knows about it and that goes to Gary Marshall's efficacy.
He did more community in Laverne and Shirley.
When do you think Happy Days jumped the shark?
I'll say it was two seasons before the shark episode.
That's when they brought Mark on when Mark was there.
I met the guy that coined that phrase.
He's on Stern, right?
One of the Stern network shows or something?
Yeah, that's what he says.
Okay, grandpa.
Seriously, that's it. That's all I got.
That's all the show we have?
Well, we gave him a lot in San Francisco and then we turned out we weren't recording.
That's what happened.
I did a whole thing where I did a Michael Winslow meets Radiohead thing.
I mean, do it again. I tried to do so much again already.
You did a concert full of can-openers.
Electric can-openers went to a concert where Radiohead was playing.
Well, I'm going to tweak it. I'm going to change it now that we get to do it again.
There was a helicopter and Michael Winslow was flying the helicopter while having a leaf blower going.
So I'm going to tweak it so you don't have to recap it.
Morgan Freeman showed up at some point.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to say Michael Winslow is getting into a helicopter made of can-openers.
So he has to start each electric can opener to make the helicopter get going.
And then he's going to use a leaf blower to attack Radiohead.
Why? Jesus.
Does somebody actually say why?
Yeah, I mean, he just blurted it out. It's like, why?
I almost forgive him. He didn't even think about it.
I have to forgive it because that's immersion.
He's immersed.
How high are the stakes?
Yeah, he's like, why? Why? Why?
Oh, I actually know the answer, sir, because Morgan Freeman shows up. That's why he's doing it.
No, you're just confusing people.
We don't have to recreate the dumb...
Okay, walk us through what you're going to do now.
Okay, so Michael Winslow is...
Either take your shirt off or don't take your shirt off.
I have to take off my shirt.
Fuck it.
Dan Forgotty was taking his shirt off halfway through.
I was just going to leave it there.
I had more to say if I was saying I can't talk.
Have a weird halter top on for the rest of the show.
Yeah, I...
I'm just starting to wash in everybody's car.
Just bringing hot wings to your seats.
Michael Winslow is getting in his helicopter made of electric hand openers.
And to answer your question, sir, the answer is because Radiohead and Michael Winslow both operate in the field of phonics sound.
And Radiohead, Michael Winslow mistakenly feels is abusing sound because they're using electronics and things.
He's more analog.
He's more analog and it feels that sound that he's...
Both of them are locked in a flawed dichotomy.
What happens is they learn to overcome their differences because there's a third truly evil force that they have to unite, but no spoilers.
Okay, but this is like...
Do we find Michael Winslow going to his helicopter pad at Michael Winslow Manor?
That's just... he makes that sound while he's like...
And then he goes up...
I want to get on my helicopter made of hand openers.
Wait, hold on.
Shit.
Dan, we don't have to do this.
If you're not ready, this is called refusal of a call, isn't it?
The refusal of a call.
Everything
Is it as right, what the fuck?
Brrrr
So to leave, blur
In the wrong place
Everything!
Everything is in its right place.
Let's get back to things.
Hey, whatever the lead singer of Radiohead's name is.
It's me, your right-hand man.
Whatever my name is, the bass player.
If we have a bass...
What is it, Tyler?
Should we go check to make sure Michael Winslow is truly taken out?
You saw the explosion.
That one wasn't a mouth noise one.
Shubris!
Everything!
In its right place.
Oh, shit.
Leg wound.
Twig.
Stab.
Second twig.
Pocket microphone.
Tiny jam box speaker.
Ad hoc, strange, phonic-based, first aid technique.
In which the two twigs pick up like a dowsing rod.
The sound of my healing, but it's not going to feel good.
There, stop the bleeding.
Everything!
In its right place.
Thank you everybody, we're Radiohead.
Alright, goodnight.
Man, Tyler, that was great.
Let's go back to the dressing room.
Yeah, come on.
Man, we fucking Radioheaded those motherfuckers.
Oh, shit.
Michael Winslow.
Take it easy, man.
Just take it easy.
No.
I think there's been a big misunderstanding.
And if we all just remember that we both enjoy the nuances of sound.
Two knives.
Shit, he made the sound of them bouncing off his head, so they did.
Just beat him up silently.
I said silently, Steve.
Sorry.
What the fuck?
Everybody, go outside, under the deck.
Look, it's a giant thing.
I'm so exhausted, I'm not going to make anything up.
It's a giant thing.
Work together.
Yeah.
See you next summer.
Wait.
The third act didn't.
It kind of rushed towards the end there.
So Radiohead and Michael Winslow learned to work together to defeat the giant thing by making fart sound.
Yeah, they farted on it.
I like that. I didn't know that Radiohead was run by Stephen Tyler.
Yeah.
There was Steve Ann's Tyler.
Yep, yep, yep.
There are two keyboards in here. There's a song I want to play.
There's a song I want to play.
Everything in its right place.
Radiohead.
I like, no, please.
But what would it be like if Radiohead worked at your local produce section?
I think it would go a little something.
Yesterday I found someone sucking this lemon.
Okay.
I just remembered there's some produce in their lyrics and I got excited.
Okay, all right, all right. There's still no show. There's no show.
That was a brief distraction.
I thought we had guests tonight. We don't have guests.
No, we were going to have some guests and then they canceled.
What?
Yeah.
You mean Stephen Tyler couldn't make it tonight?
Morgan Freeman?
Morgan Freeman. He'd be great.
What happened to them? I mean, should we talk about...
Well, the bad news is they canceled, but the good news is it was Andy Dick.
So, yeah, we dodged our own bullet out of our own gun.
Yeah, it was Dino and Andy were going to...
Tino and Andy have a new podcast together, which sounds like a bad idea.
Probably is. And they were going to join us.
Yeah.
I'm sad. What was their excuse tonight?
Well, the same thing that makes them fun to be around probably just makes it hard for them to schedule.
I mean, they're kind of an unpredictable combo.
Andy's sober now, though, isn't he? He's been on the wagon for quite a while.
Yeah, he's been on the wagon many, many, many times.
He's getting very good at being on the wagon, yeah.
I don't know. I'm not going to...
We will talk to him about that when he comes, you know?
Yeah.
He's a good guy.
He's a great guy.
He tried to get in bed with me at the Disneyland Great Californian Hotel.
We were there doing an event for ABC, and he tried his hardest to get in bed with me.
And, like, I was asleep, and he ordered everything on the room service menu.
Everything. He ordered everything on the menu. He ordered it up there.
And then just left.
Did he eat the food?
Well, he weighs as much as my shoe.
He ordered a thousand people's worth of food, and then just ate, like, a bite of a cheeseburger,
and then just fucked right off after trying to physically assault me.
Like, he wanted to make love?
He, yeah. Yeah.
He was in my car one time, and his son was in the back.
And his son, I think, was not quite 21 yet. I think he was, like, 19 or 20, and we were going to a bar.
So I've got Andy and his underage son in the back of my new Lexus.
And Andy pulls out of his coat a Heineken the size of a keg.
I must have told the story before on the show, no?
I can't remember.
Have I?
No.
He pulls one of those giant Heineken's out, the big ones.
Like, a Dave Kline fosters, you know, kind of like a big-ass beer, and opens it up,
and it explodes all over every bit.
My face, every, the windshield, every part of the interior of my car is covered in warm Heineken foam.
And it's nighttime, we're driving down Hollywood Boulevard, and he's got the door open.
Like, the door is fully open, so I'm driving down the street, and he's shouting the N-word at full volume.
To everybody that we pass.
Then we come to a stop around Hollywood and Vine, like maybe Argyle, somewhere around there.
And guess who's about to cross the street?
Black gentleman.
I'm like, Andy, fucking don't, don't.
I'm looking in the rear of your mirror at his son, and the son's looking at me like,
we both have a look like we may have to kill him.
We might have to kill Andy before he does.
He's like a crying baby behind enemy lines in Vietnam.
Shut that Andy dick up!
Smother him.
So, he opens the door and starts screaming the N-word at this middle aged black gentleman,
who sees it as Andy Dick and just gets a big kick out of it.
My car is covered, my car now smells like a warm Heineken.
And we get to this bar on Vine, and we get in there, and I was so bummed out,
and Andy walks in, he has a broken finger, and if you asked him why, he doesn't know.
He doesn't remember how he got it, he's got a broken index finger on his left hand.
He sees a girl sitting with a cocktail, and he puts his index finger in her drink,
like a brand new, clearly just vodka on the rocks.
Just sticks his finger into her drink, and then picks it up and walks off with it.
And this girl's like, what the fuck?
And I was like, what was that, vodka?
I said, yeah, it's a kettle of rocks, I just fucking got it, I'll get you a new drink.
And she's like, who the fuck is this guy?
I go, do you know who Andy Dick is?
And he's like, no, I'm like, it's better that you don't.
And I turn to his son, I said, I'm going to beat your father up tonight,
and you're going to either help me or watch.
And he says, I will help you.
So maybe they'll be here next week.
He is the best at being the worst.
He makes Dino look like me.
Yeah, they used to be a comedy team, a lot of people don't know that.
They used to do like a two-man comedy act, where Andy would hit Dino as hard as he could.
And Dino would get a boner or something.
I don't know what the punchline was.
I think they did like old, like Abbott and Costello routines,
but instead of like slapping, they'd actually, he'd really physically like smash him.
They have a podcast coming to Feral Audio, that's why.
What's it called?
Skull juice.
Gross.
Well, listen at your own risk.
Yeah.
All right, well, who here has a problem that needs to be solved?
Young lady, your hand went up first.
I think I see glasses.
Do you want to come up and share your problem?
All right.
Okay.
Who do we got?
What's your name, Adam?
Gabrielle, hello.
Is it Adam?
Is it?
Okay.
Sorry.
I saw glasses in a ponytail.
Yeah, no.
We're in Los Angeles.
That's accurate.
So that's one of the problems.
Is it?
The Gender Decademy.
Oh, okay.
I know I can help with that.
You're the king.
I have a surgeon's touch with the gender politics.
The trans community loves me.
They trust me.
It's true.
They said that to me.
Where are the meetings again?
It's just like, it's actually like behind Meltdown Comics.
What are you doing out?
If you need help with that logo, too, I sure as heck.
Well, so what's the, Gabrielle, how can we help you?
I have chronic pain throughout the right side of my body.
I don't know how you can help me.
We can hit you very hard on the left side of your body.
Create some balance.
That makes sense.
No, it's just, yeah, I've been to more doctors in the past two years than I have in my entire life.
How do I start?
Slowly, because with chronic pain, it's like, you don't realize, you just think you're lazy and need to work out more.
So it's like, eventually...
Sorry, I'm ignorant about this. Did it come from an injury or just kind of came on all of a sudden?
Yeah, it kind of came on all of a sudden, when I was like 20 or something, I started realizing my body kind of sucked.
Are you currently in pain right now?
Yeah, it hurts like right here. It gets better at like, it gets better and worse-ish.
What kind of pain? Is it like a throbbing pain or a shooting pain?
It's almost like a numb pain.
Is it like nerve pain?
Do you know the same thing? Is it on one side?
Yeah, it's on the right side.
Do you know what it is?
Well, let's get you up here.
I told you we could help you.
We're going to build like a Voltron right now.
As long as you guys are okay becoming one person that's made of two left sides, I think we have the solution.
My name is Marina.
Hello Marina.
Sorry, I kind of sucked you up here.
I didn't make sure that you would be okay coming up.
This is actually great because I have some advice for you too.
I've got Lyme disease and so I've had to have multiple surgeries on my joints because they've collapsed and you've got a nice little Frankenstein kind of scar here.
I've had nerve pain all throughout the right side of my body for it.
Then to doctors, just like you, in and out of different pain clinics and stuff, but I finally found something that works.
Woo, sorry.
It's a tough thing.
Whereabouts? You said it's right about here?
It kind of just goes throughout my body and so it becomes hard to...
It kind of goes up into my shoulder, like it starts like down around this area, comes up, goes into my shoulder and then my neck hurts so much.
It kind of like makes my head all foggy all the time and so...
Okay, I actually, I'm a massage therapist as well.
I can like try something.
Sure.
This is great.
Back to come to Harmontown and get a massage.
Yeah, sure. I don't know if I could drop the mic.
Is there a waiver that we have?
We're not a medical clinic. This is all on her.
Okay.
You are surrendering your safety to her.
This is all consensual.
This is good.
I thought, I thought for sure it seemed like, which is that I think I might be able to help you.
I was like, if she says squarespace.com.
Yeah.
We're going to be rich.
Can we get the lights down a little bit lower right now?
Gonna prepare your nerve damage with massage.
Yeah, to the break of time.
Yeah.
Get off my lawn.
Jeff's taking the leg that doesn't hurt.
Yeah, deep tissue.
Get inside.
Get in Gabrielle's neck with your fingers.
Marina.
Yeah.
Yo, Marina means house on the water.
The uninformed Spanish rapper.
Marina means place where you keep the boat.
Right now, she's going to help float into Gabrielle's pain
and win the game with her healing fingertips.
Yeah.
So Marina, did you learn this stuff because you had pain and then you went to the doctor and they're like, I don't know, you figure it out.
Actually, I did learn because of an injury.
I was, I used to run track and my friend was teaching me how to do it, but he was like a foot taller than me.
I was trying to run a hurdle and I tore my hamstring and the trainer was there and taped me up and it was awesome and she just worked on my legs a bit.
I was like, whoa, this is magical. Why don't I do this every single day?
And so I went to school for it and it was awesome.
You got really comfortable with your body because you got to be naked.
And you know.
Just when you show up for class.
You work on each other.
Do you work a little Tokyo by any chance?
No, actually stopped. I'm a writer now. I'm a future writer for cracks.com now and I do research too.
But you know, with all this stuff, I can't do a massage so much anymore, but you said that helped.
Yeah, it does.
Fantastic.
Thank you.
I have another thing with this chronic pain is actually kind of a rant for me.
DEA really pisses me off.
Yeah.
There was a, there's a nice thing though.
I'm not on any, you know, not on nearly so many painkillers as they used to be because I discovered something really awesome.
Got super into, you know, a lot of alternative medicine is bullshit, but there's actually a really good thing called cratum.
I don't know if any of you guys have heard of it.
It's from, you know, Thailand, Malaysia, that area.
I've been making this tincture out of it and it's totally worked.
I have some with me if you would like to try it at some point.
This is related to your trouble with the DEA, right?
What is that?
Can you tell us more what cratum is?
Sure, it is a plant.
Isn't that what spice is made out of?
No, no.
At least not to, I mean, not to my knowledge if it is, it's probably spicy, probably pretty expensive, but it's a funny thing.
There used to be, probably still is, a humongous opium problem in Thailand, I believe it was.
It was just one of those countries over there.
Somewhere around the Golden Triangle.
One of those flyover countries.
Yeah, there you go.
Places that you just don't go.
So the government was actually providing a lot of this opium and they were discovering that people were chewing the leaves of the cratum tree
just everywhere and they were not addicted to opium anymore because it actually works to get you off of it.
So they made it illegal and also started shopping down all the trees so that they could, you know, get people hooked on opium again.
And it's currently illegal there.
It's illegal, I believe, in Canada.
It's illegal in the UK.
Illegal, you're saying?
Yeah, illegal, but it's legal here.
It's called cratum?
Yep, K-R-A-T-O-M.
Most people are still kind of...
Sounds like a He-Man film.
Yeah.
So the DEA has been looking at it and like, ah, people are getting high on this.
They're actually enjoying themselves.
We've got to get rid of this.
This is not going to bode well.
You get high on it, but it also gets you off of opium?
It gets you, yeah, it absolutely works for any kind of withdrawal.
If you're not on opium, do you think it might get you on it a little bit?
I said it may be a gateway.
Also, my other question is, are you holding right now?
No.
I never had opium before.
Where can a guy get some cratum in this town is my question.
I get it online.
Just powder stuff and then I make it.
You can also go to cratum barrel, right?
It's a...
Adam Goldberg isn't here anymore.
I thought I'd cratum barrel.
I thought I'd do what he'd shout out.
Now Gabrielle, back to you.
Is there anything that goes beyond your chronic pain?
What else is going on with you?
I don't know, just my existential pain.
No, just like...
You have a great ponytail.
This ponytail is rocking.
It is a wonderful ponytail.
We kind of skipped over it.
Do you identify as female?
Yes.
Mom.
No, I'm kidding.
I'll call you mom if you want.
No, no, no.
I was saying it as if my mom was listening.
Oh, you're shouting.
This is an awkward way for your mom to find out.
Does your mom listen to Harmontown?
Does mom know or not know?
No, I told them. I told them through text.
I told them through a long text.
What emoji went along with that one?
And the non-smoking sign, but also a dick.
Is this like the eggplant?
Yeah, I guess so.
Awesome.
All right, so where do we go from here?
Cratom.
You can still get it in the United States through websites and stuff.
It's currently still illegal, soon-to-be-illegal, sort of opiate fighter.
A bottle-nosed dolphin to Opium's shark.
Michael Winslow to Opium's Radiohead.
And that they should learn to get along before the camera shows up.
Yeah, it'll get you out of the pain clinics.
It's pretty fantastic. You can make it at home very easily.
I've just, you know, if you just happen to have like a 190-proof corn liquor laying around,
then that's all you need.
Some masonries are good.
But it's changed my life completely.
Tell us more about your run-ins with the DEA again.
Because what you're talking about sounds highly illegal.
Oh, no, I've never had any run-ins with the DEA.
Because I might now, but no, I just...
You know Gabrielle's mom works for the DEA.
This has been a thing.
Marina, you're wearing a Wonder Woman shirt.
Are you a longtime fan of Wonder Woman as a myth, or are you...
Have you been recently converted by the Superman-Patman movie?
Or did you just like the way the shirt, you know, looked?
I love... I'm a comic book nerd big time for games comics.
Yeah, thank you.
Are you looking forward to the new movie?
I am. It's about goddamn time.
I have a bet with my friend. I bet on Suicide Squad.
I bet that it would be over 70% on Run Tomatoes with my friend.
We bet on a pizza, but he said we could double or nothing on Wonder Woman.
So I'm hoping I get two pizzas.
What's your side of the bet on Wonder Woman?
I guess 70. Same thing. 70%.
I'm betting on mediocrity.
What's the team working on Wonder Woman? Who's the director?
Patty Jenkins. She did Roller Ball.
No, no, no, no, Monster Ball.
Roller Monster Ball?
Okay.
There's a thing. I was reading an article now.
I guess it's no accident that the thing now is to take like...
You know, they're not getting like the big gigantic like rock star names,
which are probably almost as hit and miss really as anybody else in these giant,
what they call tent pole movies.
Because they're so expensive and they come with the ability to go,
no, I need five years and I need you to get out of my face.
And so they're working with first timers a lot.
They're like really like green directors and they're having just as much success as failure really.
And so, yeah, I don't know. I thought that was interesting.
I was like, oh, I didn't know this was like part of a big like sea change,
but that's what it is.
I think DC just like tried to catch up really fast with Marvel.
Like they failed at Batman versus Superman and the tone than they wanted.
So, I mean, with Suicide Squad, they were like, let's make Guardians of the Galaxy 2.5.
Well, yeah, I mean, nothing opened our eyes to the importance of the rating like Deadpool.
I mean, that's such an easy thing to talk about now.
It's just go, look, is it going to be rated R or not?
Because if the word edgy is going to be in the menu and it's not going to be rated R,
then you might as well embrace the non-edge, you know, I think.
Yeah, absolutely.
What was the Heath Ledger Batman movie? Was that PG-13?
Yeah.
They managed it.
I guess the key is you have to be violent and not sexual.
Exactly.
You just have to like murder people.
We are so terrified of boobs. It's ridiculous.
But yeah, I don't want to spoil anything for anybody about Suicide Squad,
but who here has seen it so far?
It's got so...
I love that tone.
You fucking assholes.
So look, just from the trailer, I'm speaking way out of school here,
because I was never on board with the whole...
You predicted what the whole movie was about.
Oh, I did. I ran down the...
It was fun. It was a fun car ride to work.
And I did see in an article, I saw a spoiler and said I was right about the courses.
I don't know.
But I thought it was... I understand the political climate calls for a more actualized Harley Quinn,
like an autonomous Harley Quinn with agency, but at the same time,
how much can you make her appropriate before she stops being Harley Quinn?
When I was watching the trailer, I was like, well, I thought she was a guilty pleasure character.
I thought she was sort of like...
Put another female character in a Suicide Squad movie.
Who feels guilty about Harley Quinn's pleasure?
What'd you say?
Do you feel guilty about...
Well, sure I do. If I'm enjoying her,
and really the only place I've consumed her is Batman, the Arkham video games.
That's where my relationship with Harley Quinn happens.
She comes on screen and I go like, okay, I get it.
I understand.
It's so over the top that it's like, I would say you could...
This is fine as long as you put a bunch of post, post, posts on the front of whatever this is.
It's post, post, post, feminist or whatever.
Because she's the archetype of the...
She is really supportive as a girlfriend to the point of absolute self-destruction.
She has no identity of her own.
So then we're making her...
She almost looks like she's the protagonist of Suicide Squad.
Actually, interestingly, the protagonist of Suicide Squad is Will Smith,
who is really kind of playing himself more than deadshot.
He's this family man who, weirdly enough, spends most of the movie without his mask,
even though in the comics he's got the mask on the entire time.
And the thing is, the Suicide Squad...
I don't think this will spoil too much, but it's got some troubling messages in it.
Because the ultimate moral of the story in the end kind of suggests
that it's totally okay to...
That a good guy is okay with his daughter doing trigonometry
by talking about shooting people from buildings.
It's like, oh, well, let me find the hypotenuse here.
That's the ultimate moral.
Yeah, that's what they're talking about, because he's this family man.
Because deadshot, his whole character is he's good at shooting, right?
But in the movie, is he doing math?
Is it a beautiful mind in the background?
No! I wish!
No, it's... Oh, man.
Does he have a little baby shot daughter?
Is he like...
It sounds like it's that. It sounds like he's a family man.
He's got a little girl, and she...
Oh, I almost spoiled something, but...
She's involved with something, but yeah, no, no.
At the end of it, you know, he's doing math with her,
and he says at one point in the movie, you know,
I just don't want my daughter to think I'm...
I just want to do something.
Some of my daughter doesn't think I'm a piece of shit,
even though I murder people for money.
Yeah, he's a super villain.
Yeah.
And the movie is told.
Well, yeah.
The tone kind of switches off throughout the whole movie,
because if it would stay consistent,
that would have been cool, you know,
but instead it kind of tries to make you feel good about that,
that he gets with his daughter,
and that she starts embracing the part of him that is a murderer.
You know, they try to give you the sort of buzzers about that.
That's like at the end of the Steve Jobs thing,
where she's like, I guess iPods are kind of cool,
except it's like assassination.
Yes!
Marina, I've got this pain in my neck right now.
I can fix it.
I guess the thing with the trailer promised,
you know, is that the government's like,
hey, much similar to the Marvel X-Men universe,
it's like, oh, how can we trust all these people?
Like, they're flying around and they're doing whatever they want.
Well, what if Superman goes crazy one day,
and I don't know how that gets you to what about the villains?
What if Superman wants to kill the president?
Let's put bombs on all the supervillains' house
and hide them in the White House.
What I would understand is they would go like,
well, what if you ask Superman to kill Isis
and he won't do it because that's wrong,
you know, like he just wants to arrest them?
Like, I don't know, I'm not kidding.
Like, shouldn't it just be like the Pentagon going like,
well, Batman doesn't follow orders
and Superman's such a boy scout?
Like, how about some of these people
that those guys don't get along with so well?
What superhero damage would you hire
if you were the president to kill Isis?
Or take care of Isis?
Well, I'd go to Superman first for everything,
whether it's opening a bottle or killing Isis.
Are you willing to do this?
I know he wouldn't lie.
Let's say Superman and Batman pass.
Who do you go to next?
How are the ducks?
Oh, shit, how are the ducks?
The DC Universe?
I don't know, I mean, you know,
it would be nice to give Aquaman a try
and tell you how.
Feel bad for him versus Isis.
As long as Isis is near the Gulf.
Yeah, it was good.
Stole him to a landlocked area.
If we can get them near the Euphrates River.
Well, I would go to Wonder Woman
because she's a woman,
and you know, I would go like,
look, Google them.
And have at it.
You know, do whatever you want,
keep whatever you keep.
See you in November.
What happens in November?
Elections.
I guess I assumed I was a president running for...
Oh, I assumed I was a president running for...
Oh, yeah.
Is that what they call it?
So is this re-election for you?
Yeah, I guess.
You're the incumbent president trying to get re-election.
You asked me, who am I killing Isis with?
I don't know, it was a tough question.
I was surprised by it, I don't know.
I think Wonder Woman is a pretty great answer.
Yeah.
Yeah, I kind of biased, I guess.
Gabrielle, who do you think?
What super villain or team
is best equipped to kill Isis?
Godzilla?
Fuck shit!
I didn't know we had...
If we had like two or three straight up
Godzilla's,
just send them in there.
I heard a really funny thing about...
You know the 2000 Godzilla movie,
the one that's like Matthew Broderick?
Apparently in...
Yeah, yeah.
Apparently there was...
I didn't understand that response.
It was a sequel,
because they have all the Japanese,
so they just keep on making Godzilla movies.
And in that movie,
they said that Godzilla
and Matthew Broderick
wasn't a real Godzilla.
Americans just assumed it was Godzilla
because it was a big lizard.
And so they just kill it on screen,
and they're just like,
that wasn't a real Godzilla.
So they can do that with Superman, too.
Because everyone hates this one.
I never understand how those movies are connected.
Marvel's doing
a little better job of
making sure you get the...
You know, this is a larger story.
I don't know, the DC,
this seems like they're kind of...
I'm not
rooting for either over the other.
I just keep making comic book movies
rather than historical period pieces.
Gabriella,
if you hire Godzilla to go in
and take care of
Isis,
can you give Godzilla instructions
or does he just kind of do his own shit?
How do you give him operational...
I don't know, does Godzilla have a favorite food?
You just put it
near Isis and...
Electricity?
Play the song, yeah.
In the latest Godzilla movie,
he's got this weird interspecies bromance
with that one soldier
whoever saw the...
The whitest man alive.
Joe, Joe, Joe American.
Yes, so get that guy
and make sure you bring
Ken, Montana Bay,
so he can go just...
Because he has this weird mind link
with Godzilla as well.
Also, King Kong, it occurs to me,
at least like the original
movie King Kong, and then also
the 80s, Jeff Bridges,
one,
he's really into
women.
Like two,
so he probably would...
I think you could turn him loose on the Middle East as well,
like if you had an enemy.
But I think there would be a lot of collateral damage,
I just don't know, you know.
Wasn't there a comic that... Oh yeah, it was like a Frank Miller comic
where it was originally
like Batman kills Al-Qaeda
or something. Yeah,
it was a real thing, right? Yeah.
He beat us to it.
How do you do it?
I don't know, I didn't hear that.
He probably just... I think he knows.
Oh no, I have a question. Oh, okay.
I was wrong. I don't have a show
so you may as well ask it, yeah.
What is the
the worst job that you would
tolerate doing?
The worst job that I would tolerate doing.
Dan specifically?
You're asking me... Dan,
this is Doug Filburn
from the Washington Post.
This question is,
what's the worst job you would tolerate?
That's a really interesting
question because
what's the worst job you would tolerate doing?
So first you have to ask yourself, what's the worst
job? Is it the worst?
The one that you...
I'm pulling in a paycheck, but this is
the lowest I'll go.
Yeah, well, I kind of guess,
but then, yeah, the word tolerate kind of needs to be
explored there.
Like, well, yeah, but...
Let's say you're broke.
I'll put some parameters on this. You're broke.
This is a
$15 right now. No, let's say
minimum wage. Minimum wage jobs, all you can have.
Right.
What's the worst thing that you would say,
okay, I'll get up out every morning and do this thing?
And right below
that is a job. Fuck it, I won't do it.
Well, but I won't do it, meaning what?
I'd rather die.
You'd rather go hungry and
just die. Or turn
to crime. Is crime
a job?
If it's like, oh,
you can eat shit for $4 an hour, you can
eat human shit, like, well, no,
give me your wallet.
Well, what are you, some kind of criminal?
Yeah, it pays more.
Well, yeah, but crime never pays.
Well, it pays more than eating shit.
And
you can't beat the hours, like, I'm out
of here.
Well, I would never want to be a criminal,
but I don't want to eat the shit.
So I don't know, I'm just trying to
I want to be able to answer the question
dutifully.
I
was a dishwasher and I was awful at it,
but I kept trying to be good at it.
I don't know, I mean,
it was pretty, it was,
if I was good at it, if I thought
I could have gotten good at it,
I think I could have kept doing it because
it would be like, oh, but
you know, I know there's worse jobs because
J. Johnston used to
we worked in a fucking shit plant.
He worked at the place where they clean
shit, and Schrab worked
at a place in Mayville where he scrubbed
the rims of tanks where they
keep the shit.
Like, I kind of think...
Why does that need to be scrubbed?
I
mean, I guess if you think
about it, it's like, well, why does it need
to be in a tank? And the answer is because
you know, like, so I guess it's like,
I know it's just simultaneously ridiculous,
but then it's like, well, you know, it's like, hey,
it's a tank full of shit, so why should the rim
be clean? And then you'd be like, well, why should
the outside be clean? Why should the place where
the tank is be clean? Why should the city be clean, I guess?
I'm just trying to get inside their heads.
I'll ask you this.
I'll tell you what, if I was in charge of civilization,
the minute we got to the point
where we needed to build a shit tank,
I'd be like, we got to
break up, let's go our separate ways,
let's stick to tribes of a hundred people.
I was like, I love this,
we found a good yard stick.
For me, it was like,
because you can't remember more than a hundred
people's names. There was
somebody who just asked me
a question about that.
Well, they were like, somebody asked
me, because we were in San Francisco
and before that we were in Montreal, so I've
been experiencing a lot of people
recognizing me coming up to me and saying,
thank you, you helped me through
a lot, or can I get a picture with you?
People just like, attention that
you don't normally get
in the course of your
day-to-day life, and somebody said,
what do you
think about that? What is that? Do you get
bored with that? Do you not like that?
I was like, I think it's like
vitamin C, I think it's something that
everyone else gets like
zero of.
I think you're supposed to get it
like ten times a day.
I'm not using vitamin C as an analogy
anymore.
And I think that if you lived in like a
tribe of like a hundred people, I think
that every single person equally,
whether you were the guy that made the shoes,
or the person that made the roofs, or the
gender, gender, gender,
the woman
that made the big pipes, the
welding, or the guy
that cut all the hair.
I fucking, I live in a fucking
beam of light.
But
if you're the,
everybody would
get that kind of like, everybody
would know each other's name, and everybody
would be like, they wouldn't say, hey, can I take
a selfie with you, but it would be the same
energy. I acknowledge
what you do. Thank you, Glenn, for
those shoes you made, my kids,
they fit good today, or whatever, or
boy, those roofs held up great
last night, under the rain, etc.
Everybody would have that
feeling several times a day.
And the only people that actually get it
are like Brad Pitt, and like
Donald Trump, and it's
like, oh, look, there he is,
is a thing that you should actually
get a dose of.
We should have like a,
it's like communism, but for
empathy.
Like social, like popularity,
popular communes.
I just think we're not meant biologically to live
300 million to a
T.P.
I just, I think
our bodies are
still, our muscle
cells, and our nerve cells, and our brain
cells, still
think that we're
a chimp that
recently learned to talk,
and swing sticks around. That's
actually true. I read
that, according
to certain studies, your brain
can only, or rather the
different primates,
the different sizes of brains can only
rep, you know, hold a certain
number of other primates
and recognize them as
the same species. So
the number for hours is about
165 people. Which is the exact size
of a multi game sitcom's audience.
That's why we play that
sound over and over again. You watch big bank
theory and you're like, oh, I'm being comforted. I hear
my tribe laughing with me. We don't play
the sound of 6 million people laughing.
Well, because then we go like, wait,
it's the ghost of the Holocaust. Why do I
pick that number?
I could have picked any number.
And anyone outside,
anyone outside of that number
of 165 people is literally
not human to you.
Dan, would you rather, if you had the choice,
study job, cleaning out the
poop tank, like the guy that
gets down there with the hip waiters on
and scrubbing out the poop tank,
or life of crime
and do whatever you want. You had to actually
figure out your own way
to be a burglar or pick pocket
or a safe cracker or whatever. What would you
pick? Safe poop job
or free? I literally
have to choose between
poop tank and
life of crime. And your own,
find your own adventure crime.
You have to get up in the morning and go, oh,
shit, am I a
burglar? Do I carjack people?
I have to do something
illegal. This is like a super villain
origin story.
Kind of. He was working in the poop.
And then one day, he couldn't take
anymore. Would you rather wake up
and go, shit, you know, I don't want to
go commit crimes every day
and risk going to jail or risk
or hurt other people or steal
their property. I will do
the poop job. Or do you think you could be
a good bank robber? Well, I don't, no, I don't think
I'd be a good bank robber.
Huh? Let's say
20 dollars now. Well, that's, I mean, that's
like, yeah, I have questions about, like,
standard of living because, like,
because there's people
in the, if I scrub
that poop tank from
from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
the union, you
would only be doing a probably
if I scrub that poop tank, like, like, like
dutifully, do my job, show up
dutyfully.
You asked me these questions and then
you just, you're Schrabbing me, man.
Solid.
If I do that
and then I come home
and I can support
a partner. Yes.
Offspring. I mean, this, that's where
everything comes into play. A livable wage
at the poop tank. Well, but does that really
mean it's just livable wage because we
change the goalpost. You're not going to be
living high on the hog. You're going to be
making poop tank money.
But I can have a Christmas where my kids
don't cry because maybe they got, they got
the Optimus Prime, the Bumblebee.
I think it, I think it depends on how much
poop comes in that year. I mean, I think I think it's
it's open to the
there's the question of poop economy. There's the question
of upward mobility and retirement. I mean
I might guarantee to be able
to clean that poop tank for 30 years
or am I a sucker if I do it for 20 and
then they tell me they, oh, we invented a poop cleaning
robot. You're fucked. I'm talking a steady
a steady union wage poop tank
job that you're never going to be rich
but you will always put bread
on the table. I would
I would, I would, I would be very, I think I would
take that if, but
I mean that is making a lot of assumptions about
like, yeah, I would, I would, I would, I would want
to try that
if that really, if I really
had a, had a guarantee of like
you, I can just do this every day
and there's a certain amount of years I can do
it where I get the pocket watch and the pension
and blah, blah, blah. But by the way, that's a myth
now. That's the problem is that people are waking up
to is that you can't, you can't do that anymore
so I have to emphasize that, that, that's
actually kind of a weird blue sky universe
where you could do that. That's like some Lego
world where you're like, I'm a poop cleaning guy
and I, I could do that. That's the problem is
that then Flint, Michigan goes like, no, fuck you, you
don't make cars anymore and like, like, like, like, and people are
like, what do you mean? I was a compliment.
We're always going to have to clean poop tanks. Poops
like, that's always going to happen. We're having two different
conversations here.
Because, because the reality
is like, if there's like the blue sky
with all these like, like, trigon, trigonometric
like, uh, uh,
sort of like, like, like everything being equal
just so we can focus on the thing I would
choose. But then there's, if we were just
living in reality, how I understand
this country to, to, to operate
and, and how things are going, I
would, I would choose the crime
job because I know that the poop tank
job is going to be
very much, very
similar to living in prison.
Like, like, like, like where I am only just
working to stay out of trouble and I'm only
getting enough money to, to stay
in debt. And, and that, and that I'm not
going to be able to support my kids eventually.
Something's, there's going to be curveballs thrown
and I'm going to be told to go fuck myself.
Like, I, knowing that that's going to happen
because we've dropped those,
like there's no guarantees. And I'm not saying, like, I'm not
being Michael Moran saying, like, we owe it to the
workforce to, not necessarily. I'm just
saying, like, like, like, knowing
as a subjective person that, that
I don't think, I think the myth of retirement and
the myth of the, the, the, that, that
job is over. I would, I would, I would go, I'm
a smart guy. I could probably figure out how to
steal shit from people that deserve it to have
shit stolen from them. And, like, and, like,
I'll, once, once I get caught and go
to jail, it'll be a lot like clean and shit
tanks. I feel like
that's, like, most criminals, right?
No, no criminals, like, I
want to, I want, I want to do this because
it's a bad thing. Right.
They do it. They don't want to be a sucker.
Yeah, they want to, like, welcome to the podcast
sympathetic criminals.
I mean, but I don't, but I also
think there's a lot of, like, terrible people,
sociopaths that go like, well, I mean, I
think, I think we're severely lacking too
in our national psyche in terms of, like, you
know, we don't know, it's, it's, it's
a, it's a syndrome. It's the whole thing.
Like, there is no, there is no signal
of this is what integrity is sent
down from the top. There's no, it starts
with the, you look up above you and you
see people are greedy and horrible and they
get away with whatever the fuck they want, and
then, and they don't, they don't, they don't
make any profits and they don't, they don't
make any promises that they can keep and
so you go, like, I don't want, it doesn't
start with, like, I'm so mad and I'm going
to get mine. It starts with, I don't want to be
a sucker. I don't want to, like, do this for
15 years and then get fucked over, like, so
you go, somebody goes, like, hey, I, I
could, I could, you know, if you take this
off the top, you can sell it and, like,
your family can get a thing, like, I
basically was all on movies. I don't know
what the actual, but I'll, but also just
a kind of common sense. I think that's
still on anything. Oh, all the time.
I never stop.
For real.
You hear about that, uh,
Shine Jane glass? Oh, yeah.
That was you all along? Oh, yeah.
You, you, you never shoplifted
or boosted anything in your life? I mean,
I don't know. I think I've taken a couple
candy bars. As far as people I talk to
in general, people have shoplifted
a lot more than I have, uh,
because it's, like, a weird thing. They
say you do it until you get caught, but
I've only done, like, five times.
I didn't, I didn't tell my
mom caught me and I was like, do you know
what you're doing? And I was like, well,
I'm taking candy. Like, they have so much
of it. And she was like, if everyone
took candy, there wouldn't be candy. They'd
have to raise the prices of the candy. And
also, yeah. And I was like, oh, I didn't, I
never got, like, shamed for it. I got caught,
like, I got caught, like, with, with, like,
I think it was, like, a thousand dollars
of sunglasses. But it was, like,
it was, like, it was, like,
that phase, it was, like, that phase in
high school where, like, I just had, like,
yeah.
It was even, like, sunglasses I wanted.
It was an open, I was with my friends
and it was an open thing and we were just,
like, oh, we, this is, we have this power.
Right. And it's, like, for the first time
in your life, you have access to,
uh, uh, like,
social capital. Right. And, and it's,
it feels like you, you figured out
a secret path. Yeah. So you took them?
Yeah. And then I got caught.
And then they, they bring you to the back room.
Well, a thousand dollars, that's grand theft.
I know, I got a, were you over 18
or under 18? I, I, I, I, like, I, like,
cried a lot and, and they left. Were you
over or under 18 years old? Uh, under.
I think it was under. Yeah. No, no, no,
I was, I think I'm over. Yeah, you can do time
for that shit, man. Whew.
Yeah, I was lucky. Uh, I got,
I, I got caught stealing
when I was five.
Um, I saw.
I didn't trust you. I mean,
what's that, what's that?
Cause it's just a
thing about, man. When I was, when I was five
they were, I was supposed to pick up two keys
of, of, of cratum.
At the loading
docks. Motherfuckers
stepped on it.
I took a toot. I knew what
was going on. I had to jack them.
Marina style.
That's great. So there was, there was
massage involved. Cause I felt bad for him
afterwards.
Wait, there was a massage based
crime? Yeah. She can kill you
with a massage. If you, if she, if she can
heal pain, she can cause it. She's like a cleric.
I can make you throw it. Yes. There you go. Yeah.
Totally. It's a spot.
Uh, yeah.
I approve of that joke.
That's her approved. I
had taken a teddy bear to the grocery store
um, and stole
a five pound bag of jelly
beans because I was very ambitious
and also economic.
What if the teddy bear never came back into the story?
Use it. You took a teddy bear
to the grocery store. It was just my teddy bear
and I hid the bag behind
behind the bear against my chest
and I made it. I got out
and went home and
went into, I had this sesame
street tent in my bedroom
and I, but I just had no patience
so I opened the bag and started eating him
and I didn't realize this, but I left
like a trail of jelly beans
leading to the tent.
So my parents found me
and they told, they made me go back
to the store after giving me
a long lecture about how I had tarnished
the family name
and
just dragged it through
the mud and we lived in a very small
I grew up in a fishing village
and so everybody knew everybody.
That's why your name is Marina.
She is Wonder Woman.
It actually is.
So um,
I had to apologize
for that and my parents had
weird ways of teaching me
moral lessons. When I was
about the same age, we went
to New York and I saw
a little person
for the first time in my life. I didn't think
he was real. I thought he was a puppet
that somebody had just
ingeniously designed to
walk on its own so I
just was just, he had a little
suit and a little briefcase.
And so
I was just
marveling over this mechanical
man to
my brother just, you know, making a scene
and
my mom made me
get up off the subway seat
and offer my seat to him even though
he already had a seat of his own.
Yeah, but take
hers.
All the more delicious for your tiny buttocks.
These are
padded with revenge.
We have a family name
to protect you.
What is your family's name?
Jesus Christ.
We can't drag
the name of McGillicuddy
through this sort of film.
It was Eller, but that's
nobody.
Yeah, I mean,
no.
It went all the way to robot right away.
It was
the only thing that made sense.
I didn't know this was a thing
and I just had to
figure out how it worked.
There was a guy
in South Milwaukee
God damn it, what was his name?
It was a robot.
No, there was a,
my grandma would go, do you want to go
damn it, what was his name?
It was something,
but it was a title.
Do you want to go to this McDonald's?
It was McDonald's in South Milwaukee.
He's the brownie, right?
Oh, Billy the brownie.
I was
scared shitless by
the concept of little anything
when I was a kid.
I had nightmares about
marionette puppets
and regular puppets and just anything
small.
I just thought it was trying to kill me.
Dolls and things.
I just terrified of all of them.
There was a guy named Billy the brownie
that hung out at the McDonald's.
My grandma would make it seem like
he was part of the McDonald's mythos,
but he wasn't.
As I grew older,
I was like, wait, I had a right to be freaked out.
There's no Billy the brownie in these commercials.
This was just a fucking dude.
In that
Sutherland movie.
Mesh?
No,
don't look now.
Google don't look now.
It's a 70's
thriller horror movie.
But it was like
he was just a guy
that was there and he would dress as a brownie
and he would come to your table and talk to you.
Like the dessert or the fairy?
The fairy.
Oh, yeah, like the fairy.
I didn't clarify that.
I mean, she would, yeah, Billy the brownie,
like the little person.
He was a little person and he would dress like a...
No, he wouldn't dress like a brownie.
My grandma maybe just called him Billy the brownie.
It sounds like she created this whole thing.
I don't think he didn't dress like a fucking Renfairee.
I think it was just a dude
that was trying to maybe have his breakfast.
He could have been a truck driver.
So your grandma called him Billy the brownie.
Yeah, and I'm realizing
maybe me and Billy the brownie
were both being abused by my grandma.
Like put into a can like two wasps
and just shaken.
Like, hey, here, talk to him.
He's Billy the brownie and I'm like, what the fuck?
And he's like, what the fuck?
I never...
Yeah, I was real scared of Billy the brownie.
And there was a...
There was a marionette doll
that my mom had in the closet
that she called Clemens C. Clemens
who had this weird...
It was like paper mache
but hardened.
It was like this little guy had
a little straw hat on
and it's just like all fucked up.
And she'd bring it out once in a while
and be like, oh, it's Clemens C. Clemens.
And I go, get it out! Get it away!
It's a fucking horrific,
horrible little murderer.
It was like Freddy Krueger
looking thing with strings
coming out of every joint.
It was like controlling it.
It was like everything about it.
It was fucking terrifying.
And then she'd like, oh, it's okay, okay, okay.
You're pushing him, putting it back in the Tupperware container
and putting it in the closet.
Like, yeah, the closet across from my bedroom.
Like, I now know...
Clemens C. Clemens is just in there.
Like, thinking about me.
Yeah, he knows that I'm the one
like, okay, Clemens C. Clemens,
Daniel doesn't like you.
You guys, you gotta go back to sleep
in this plastic container
across from his bed.
Does he have a backstory?
Was that like a hobby of hers?
I don't know if my mom made it now.
Is it Clemens C. or Clemens C.
Oh, Clemens C. Clemens.
Oh, God, yeah.
It's like a New Line cinemas, like, horror movie.
Like, it's like...
Oh, it's Clemens C. Clemens.
Like, he got Clemens C.
For his Tupperware.
For his horrible murders.
You're still waiting for that pardon.
I'm curious about Clemens C. Clemens.
I'm picturing the closet and the Tupperware.
Oh, we all will.
Yeah, and I used to have...
I had nightmares.
I had recurring nightmares about a character
that was like a little puppet that was like...
I guess it was because of Mr. Rogers.
He had, like, the little puppet characters.
And I, like, the boomerang lady.
That was scary.
Boomerang lady?
Yeah, there was a version of her
in my nightmares that was always tormenting me.
Well, I had a...
I always had a recurring nightmare
where I'd be like...
It would be like, you know,
it was like a black background
with only just, like, well-lit fog
on the ground, you know?
Like, one of those dreamscapes.
And it's midnight, and I know it's midnight
because there's this Muppet-style grandfather clock.
And he strikes midnight.
And when he strikes midnight,
he shoots arrows into my body.
Oh, my God!
And I get struck by 12 arrows.
It was a recurring nightmare I had.
Dealing 20 damage.
I was just gonna say that.
Yeah.
It was a critical hit.
Respectfully, Loud Guy is raising his hand.
Yeah!
I have another question.
Okay, all right.
I don't know. Your last one got us somewhere.
I don't know about that.
Doug Philburn from The Post?
Yeah, I had another question.
There's a plane, and the plane crashes
on a deserted island.
And everyone survives.
Now you're on an island with 165 people.
And Sir Dan Harmon,
they look to you as the leader.
Because Seth Rogen's not on the flight?
Yeah.
So now, like,
so now you have to create a civilization, right?
Like, so what does that government look like?
And one thing I was thinking...
The plane happens to crash on a desert island?
Think of the odds of that.
What?
Oh, you get washed up.
What if that island was on the moon?
Like the premise of Harmontown.
Right.
Yeah, I don't know.
I mean, I...
What does someone have to do to get banished?
Like, how does like a punishment system work?
Like, what if someone's being a real dick?
But there's only 165 people on this island.
How many are there of us tonight here?
Well, they easily...
Well, the easy thing is
what if someone's being a real dick?
That's the whole problem
with the justice system of any government
is that we always conceive of, like,
what if someone's being a real dick?
And then we go like, okay, well, if that happens,
then we'll do this to them.
And then we wait for someone to be a real dick.
And then we do that to them.
And that's about 1% of the cases.
And the rest of it is like, well,
I was hungry, I needed bread,
but I didn't mean it. I thought it was mine and all this shit.
And then everyone's calling each other
being a real dick, and you're still using the same
mentality. That's like,
I guess I would try to figure out beforehand.
I mean,
like, when we start our Moon colony,
I'm just going to bring, like,
only beta people.
They're going to be screamed for the inability
to
to aggress
so that we can all just like...
Because we had a fun experience where we were shuffling around.
What was it, Montreal?
Oh, beta, yeah.
Yeah, we were the beta tribe.
Jeff got peeled off somehow.
Otherwise Jeff would be making all the decisions
and we would be tumbleweeds and stuff.
There was mounting things of stress.
It's like, we don't know what we're doing.
We don't know what we're doing.
Cody has confided to me in the past.
Sometimes I'll try to do a little baby
when I'm walking around with her
without realizing it.
And then sometimes she'll be doing that to me.
Because there's usually
a group that's like, you know,
just more comfortable having opinions
and let's go here, let's go there.
We just happened to be with a group
of like five or six people and none of them were
that person.
And we were just kind of drifted for a while,
like a garbage bag in American beauty.
But we were still...
There was still cohesion and then there was
mounting points of frustration where you could just
almost feel like...
Spencer was doing the opposite of a shark
where he was circling the idea of leaving.
Like Spencer would just start
getting more and more distant.
But then he'd come back
and we eventually
started making random decisions and we had
a really nice dinner in that one restaurant
or a lunch or something.
I don't remember.
What? It was nice.
It was really nice.
I just don't know, man,
because the thing is people
are monsters.
They'll
kind of like...
I don't know. I don't even know
if I believe in people anymore.
I have a riddle for you about
how to tell if you're a serial killer
or if you could become a serial killer.
Maybe it'll restore your...
Sorry.
Continue.
Awesome.
The doctor was a woman.
What's the...
Any of you guys, let's see
who here has the mind of a serial killer.
If you can answer this riddle,
then you have the mind of a serial killer.
Regardless of whether or not
you already have a body count.
That's a good point.
If you're just a really stupid serial killer,
you get off scot-free.
But if you're stupid,
you'd think you'd get caught, though.
You could just be a killer, though.
What if you're a really cowardly one?
That freaks me out all the time.
The only thing standing between
a person and being a serial killer
is that they're just a chicken shit.
I feel like that person
if they could do bad shit
and get away with it, they would.
If I had a boat, you'd all be dead.
You gotta have a boat.
I would never hurt anybody
if I could get away with it.
I truly believe that.
At the same time, and I think that's most of us,
and the weird thing is
we spend most of our energy
and not have to think about
how we're hurting people without thinking about it.
You know what I mean?
That's the biggest...
That's how we make the trains run our time.
That's an active killing.
That's the whole thing, right?
Yeah.
Well, no, I guess not.
Yeah, active killing was...
That's an example of the fact that
as long as anybody up top
this is fine.
If the people you're killing have a label on them,
like communists, or terrorists,
or criminal, or murderer, or whatever,
and no one ever flips the game on you,
that you can actually
walk through life going like,
oh yeah, and then I did that thing
where I was an awesome person.
It was parentheses, chill.
They keep on going to the same stories
because it's the thing they can't escape.
Yeah, there's some weird thing
haunting them and eating away at them,
kind of an uplifting thing possibly
that maybe there is something in there.
But anyways, I think the thing is
we try to make it as easy as possible.
Spencer and I were talking about this.
So dichotomy...
We talked about it all, man.
Dichotomy is a crutch. That's the thing.
Every single aspect of our society,
it always comes down
to some choice between one or two things.
The big thing is obviously
the candidacy right now of the elections,
throughout our lives,
you're left and right and we're going to...
Every comment section is like,
you're either one of these or one of those.
That is actually an expression
of en masse laziness
because if you only have
to choose whether you're
this or that,
you save so much fucking time
having to think every second
like, what am I? Who am I? How do I feel?
If you just go like,
oh, I don't want to be like that.
I'm not one of those.
Now you're just hanging out.
You're like, well, I'm a liberal,
so I have six hours to play Minecraft.
Because if there was no word
for liberal or conservative,
then I would have to spend that six hours
going like, yeah, but what about my neighbor?
What about my neighbor's daughter?
What about that homeless guy in the corner?
It's the same reason like
writing in films and TV
are so shitty, like
diversity-wise, because it's hard.
It's just harder to
get fine people of color because
there's no infrastructure.
I blame casting agencies.
Well, diversity is difficult, right?
And the first thing, the first way
that we tackle diversity is we break that
into an economy. We go white or colorful.
And then we'll
And it's not necessarily that
people are racist, racist.
It's not necessarily that all casting directors
hate black people.
All casting directors like
to go home early.
We told casting directors for 80 years
now, we told them
they better get good
at sorting
human beings, like documents
in a filing cabinet or coats in a rack, or they're
fired. If I can't call my casting
director and go, I need a six foot five
black guy with a lazy eye.
That's not like in 1983,
the person that can do that is like
a better casting director. Now all of a sudden
it's like, no, we're
going to engage in the fucking unpredictable
nuances of humanity.
They're like, does that include me?
Because I'm like a dentist
for people, like each tooth is
a person on your cast.
It is like that
particularly. You want them all
to be really white.
Yeah, by default.
You got that
one kind of weird brown tooth.
Yeah, white and straight.
And they're certainly pretty scumbled into a pretty good metaphor.
It's like all different shaped white
people.
You got your Paul Giamatti who
grinds the food.
You got your Paul Rudd in front
who's just biting it and
you know.
Yeah,
anyways, I got
sidetracked by that, but I kind of like simultaneously
What's the serial killer riddle?
Ooh, okay, alright.
Because you're either a serial killer
or you're not. That's the dichotomies.
Dichotomies, yeah.
Alright, so there's a funeral.
A woman goes to a funeral
for her mother.
And when she's there, she meets
this amazing guy.
He's just the guy, the man of her dreams.
She's instantly in love with him
and she really wants to see him again.
They have a great time at the reception
somehow despite the fact that it's her mother's funeral.
But they don't
exchange contact info.
And
a week later, her sister dies.
Why?
If you can answer that,
then you can think like a serial killer.
She goes home and kills her sister.
So, thank you, Tom.
He's heard this riddle.
Why is there a stranger at her mom's funeral?
That's
part of it.
That's part of it.
Ooh.
If the dude's at the mom's funeral,
he's probably going to be at the sister's funeral.
Good job. You got it.
Well, they estimate that
up to 25% of Americans
are sociopaths.
But sociopaths aren't
psychopaths.
That's different. There's a difference.
And there's also a very big spectrum.
One, two, three, four.
25%
are sociopaths.
I don't know.
If you're a sociopath,
you could probably take us all out
if you banded together.
Just think of that.
If you kill somebody's sister to meet her at
a funeral,
you might be a sociopath.
Yeah.
If we're going to have a show
where everybody can talk whenever they want,
you guys have to
let each other talk, too.
You can't just talk over each other.
Then I get confused. You're all sociopaths.
Like, what the fuck is going on?
Everyone's just talking at the same time.
Oh,
Dan took a dark turn.
I guess he...
No, my heart bleeds for everybody
who's like, I have a little piece of information
I'd like to share, and then everyone's like,
I'm going to do a bit.
Another question.
Yeah.
Doug...
Doug from the post has another question.
What's your next question, Doug?
Could you walk us through a day
when Spencer
and Jeff woke up in each other's bodies?
The question is, could Dan walk
all of us... Are you just like pitching
like, spec scripts now?
It sounds like some weird slash shit.
Can Dan pitch
a day where Spencer and I
are in each other's bodies?
I mean, that happened in Montreal.
I tell you, it was...
I was inside Spencer,
but I wouldn't say I was...
Inside his body?
Part of me was inside Spencer's body.
Look, I was fucking...
and I mean fucking Spencer.
He was fucking me.
I mean fucking me.
I don't know.
Well, I think the important thing to answer your question
would be, is the
first quarter
of the story before that happens,
because that would happen at the threshold.
Because first you have to establish
that Jeff is like
very into his clothes
and that he doesn't have time
for
dice.
And that Spencer loves...
I've got no time for dice.
Loves dice, but doesn't care about clothes.
And then there's like a magic die
or something, and they're both
trying to grab it, and they go like,
you have it better than me.
And then I would just be like,
you know, another 20 minutes
of them going like, holy shit,
well, I guess we...
We don't have time to figure out how to fix this
because I have a dice convention to go to.
But you have to go for me
because you're in my body.
If I woke up in Spencer's body and go,
oh, I have to go make it through my day
and I am in Spencer's body,
I think that would be pretty easy.
I think that...
This is way easier than having
to go to the dry cleaners
and pick up a suit.
Would you...
If you were in Spencer's body, would you
go and find a suit, though?
No, I think what I would do is
luxuriate in not having to wear a suit.
It's like suit vacation.
Yeah.
I mean, that's the name of the movie.
It's suit vacation.
It might be called
die and tie.
Die and tie.
But meanwhile, Spencer would be going...
Well, I mean, it depends
because in the Switcheroo movie,
you've got to have the scene where
you
have to go
dungeon master.
I would go, oh, I'm Spencer.
I look in the mirror and I go, oh my god,
I'm Spencer.
I look like Spencer.
My suits aren't going to fit anymore.
We're different body shapes.
I have to get to this thing.
I only have Spencer clothes.
Exactly. Well, that'd be pretty easy
compared to the other fans.
But Spencer, like, if you woke up
and you were me, you would say, oh,
shit, like, I mean, you could
put on cargo shorts and a
t-shirt. Oh, yeah, you can rock those.
We know this.
Would you wear a suit?
Would you go into my closet and go,
I'll cosplay as Jeff Davis? So do we start
in each other's houses?
Let's just say yes.
Okay. Let's say
that's accessible.
You wake up in each other's bodies.
That's one of those, like Blake Edwards
switched, or whatever, with Jimmy
Smith's and Helen Parkin. It's like Freaky Friday.
Exactly.
Well, yeah, you wake up. So you wake up
in Jeff's apartment in Jeff's body.
Okay. And you're naked. You wake up
in Spencer's apartment. Well, first off,
I immediately start jerking off.
I'd kill myself.
Because you've got to go, like,
what is, what is Spencer?
It's like a split screen as you both come.
It's like an anime,
like, oh!
Like a two-man Voltron.
So then you're done coming,
and now you go to the,
there's like a, you go to the closet,
you open the closet, and like,
like, clean up the,
clean up the, you clean up the,
it's someone else's body.
Yeah. It's not my
responsibility.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's not my department anymore.
Yeah.
All right.
So I wake up in Spencer's place.
I'm looking around, and I go, okay, oh, I'm naked.
I just jerked off.
Came all over Spencer's bedroom.
All I got is Spencer clothes.
So I'm going to dress in Spencer clothes.
I don't think I'd go right out and start buying suits
that fit Spencer's body.
I think I'd just go, fuck it, I'm Spencer.
Nice.
What would you, would you be Spencer,
Spencer's body?
Well, do I still have the will and the volition
that I have?
Yeah. No, I mean, I guess I would start having
to make some decisions of like, who,
what is a physical Jeff Davis?
Like, is it Jeff Davis only about,
like, caring about his clothes and his hair,
or is it like, growing a beard all of a sudden?
I mean, there has to be, you have to,
first you have to come up with like,
it's a tough movie to break.
It's a good question.
It's high risk, low reward,
because it's going to end up with a
skateboard chase and like,
it's just not going to matter.
Which one of us doesn't
isn't comfortable with a skateboard?
It's going to be a forced arc because
like, it's not, because a body switching
movie, again, to support our point about
dichotomy being a crutch for like a lazy
psyche, it's like, oh, yeah,
of course, if you just take Jody Foster
and whoever her mom was, like,
like you, you, you swap them, then you
automatically have to reduce each character
and like, I'm neat, she's there
for a sloppy, like, etc, you know.
Well, fuck it, you become Jeff,
Jeff becomes Spencer and Spencer becomes you.
Now it's not a dichotomy, it's a tricon.
Yeah, we just solve, now the movie
just follows. When did Doug get the fucking conch
on this fucking thing?
I wanted to hear what you were saying about
the socio pass, she was talking about
like the, the, the, she said,
25% of Americans are socio pass.
I have one question there,
which is, is it just America?
Or was it, okay, that's just where they did
the study, or did they, do they know for
fact that other countries have a much
lower socio pass?
Japan was like up to 3%.
No way.
What?
Now, are we relying on each country?
Oh man.
Are we, the socio pass next door?
For those of you who want to research,
we'll, we'll, we'll touch base again,
it's like, it's like,
what was the, the show with
Cosby, the, the magic pen, the
picture pages. Yes, yes.
I forgot, and then I was like, Cosby,
really? Okay.
But, but,
I just, I just give a magic like,
if everybody, if everybody gets together
and they go, let's figure out how many socio pass
each country has, and then they just go like,
okay, Japan, let us know, and then they come
back and they go, 3%.
And you're like,
all right.
So, so buying little girls panties out of
a vending machine must really just
sate that thirst, like,
so, so you don't become a socio path?
No, yeah, so that's, that's the thing.
Apple a day, dot, dot, dot.
Oh, what, what kind of figures did you guys
come up with? Yeah, fuck you.
Suspensive, you wake up at my place, do you,
do you, would you, would you
go like, oh fuck, I'm going to try on one of these suits,
or do you go fuck this shit, I'm going to go right
to this movie? You guys love this movie?
No. Hey,
I do not. This is not my question.
Or do you say who stole my beard?
No, I would get in contact with me.
That's the first thing, that's the thing.
Of course you guys would call each other. Yeah, that's what I'd do.
I'd be like, hey, what do we do?
What do we do with this? My first question
was, did you just jerk off? Like, I just jerk off?
Because you sound sleepy.
But it's 10am.
And if I know my body.
Also, yes, somebody
just tried to change my password on my computer.
All right, but anyway,
25% of Americans
are sociopaths.
25% of men
in federal prison.
Wait, what?
Do you know this guy?
I just googled it.
25% of the general population,
25% of men in prison.
In your face, Japan.
Yeah.
Although,
70% of our population
is in prison. No, I mean, seriously,
don't we have like a quarter of our fucking
well, we have the quarter of the world's
prison population, right? That's the statistic?
Yeah, it's the biggest corporation.
It's the McDonald's of America.
Yeah, because it's like,
So is McDonald's. Or the McDonald's of America.
It's an easy way to define poverty.
It's just to go like, oh, yeah, it's
illegal to be poor. So I have to, yeah, just go
in here. Because God forbid we'd ever say
we were socialists, in which case you'd go like,
oh, you're not very good at capitalism.
You should get a place to live until you figure it out.
Well, until you get good at it,
here's three meals a day, we go like,
well, why don't we wait until you beat someone up
with a pool cue, then we'll bang a gavel
and yell at you and give you a free home.
It's wait until you,
until you
bring your weed outside,
or rescue for the rest of your life.
And our life.
If you're black, sorry.
Yeah, I do that just fine.
And I'm shady as fuck.
You stole those candy bars once?
Yeah, man.
Just to be clear, you know,
I stole a lot less bad shit than any of you guys.
I'm the best person
off this stage.
Wait, wait, wait, how many candy bars?
What's the going exchange?
Why do you guys steal so many candy bars?
Why don't we steal glasses?
Yeah, why don't we just steal glasses?
That's the real value proposition.
Also, Spencer, how old were you
when you stole the candy bars?
Well, you know, like, 14, 15?
Well, they, sir.
Good age.
Nimble fingers.
I used to go steal shit that I didn't even want.
I would just walk into a
department store and just take shit that I didn't even want.
And it was just about the game of
can I, can I walk
and look you in the eyes of the clerk
and walk out with a shit that I'd like.
I'd just pick shit up right in front of you and go,
and walk out.
And it's like, nobody expects it.
That's true.
I just want to say, because we're
in the, we've come to the end
of our time.
And I did want to say, because we touched on this
darkness of, like, society
in general, like, and it's
an election year, or 100 days or something
from the fucking... It's huge, it's huge.
My therapist told me, she said,
like, there's, you know,
the suicide rate goes up, the domestic
violence rate goes up. Like, we in general,
like, we do, for better or for worse,
Americans, I think this is our purge.
Every four years, like, an anarchist
would say, yeah, every four
years we vent everyone's
feeling of needing
to be in control of society by giving
them the illusion they can change society by pulling
a lever on a curtain booth.
But that's the cynical way of saying it.
Another way of saying it is, like, every four years
we have this immense responsibility on us
and...
Which side am I on?
The side where I go...
No, that's just
the side that requires more reading.
But
in any case,
it's every four years,
according to my therapist, like,
there is this rise in, like, craziness.
Like, we all start to
feel it, and we're
in constant contact with each other
on the internet, we're, like, painting this picture.
I just want, you know,
to sort of mitigate that and say,
I think that the reason it gets
to us is because it still holds just as
true. I think that most of us
are pretty chill and probably
want the world to be great, and we're probably
willing to do a lot of stuff to make it great
and are really concerned that, like,
we're this parakeet in a mirror
that, like, they're looking at this stuff
and we start obsessing about it. We go, like, how many...
And then we put on these weird carvel masks
in these comment sections, and all the
usernames are, like, flip-flop 69
and we're just going, like, these, like, fucking
weird, like, playing these Appalachian
characters, like, yelling at each other about
abortion clinics and stuff, but I think that
the silent majority are people that are fucking
moderate about everything and would just be, like,
like, would be able to have a fundamental
principle of, like, as long as nobody's getting hurt,
I'm okay with it, and, like,
I think that we inhale a lot
of secondhand smoke from the internet,
as she'd say, my therapist, like,
and that's all fine.
No one has to walk away from it
or ignore any of it or think that any of it's
unimportant, but I, but the
message that none of us are getting
at this time
is the one that is right under our nose
and doesn't profit anybody,
doesn't make you click on anything,
doesn't pay anything, doesn't
get you riled up.
It's just the truth, which is that
we're, there's a whole bunch
of super cool people, like, like, being totally,
like, like, we just, we're
anxious about wishing
that the world could be a better place,
and, like, we're, we're,
we still, we are,
there's happiness possible,
some, so, somehow, some
way, like, we're not, it's not
the apocalypse yet, it just keeps seeming like it,
like, I think, I think we'll laugh at it
in the year 2040, I think
we'll go, remember, we kept thinking, like, it
felt like the end, like, I, I, I, I
will be like, Trump was great.
He's not, he's not going to win.
We all panicked, he seemed
like a douchebag, but it turns out, you know,
his foreign policy was right
on point. He solved
World Hunger. Or it turned out the president
didn't matter, we finally
It doesn't matter, it doesn't fucking matter.
We finally exited the age of fuck, we finally
was forced out of us by an elite ruling class
that are born politicians and die politicians
and pay themselves to do nothing
but pretend that everyone needs to be told
what to do like an animal, and we exited that age
and entered a proper age where we would go
like, those guys are civil servants, and they need
to either, this pageant needs to stop
where it's like, oh, who's the most
amazing world leader, like
the leader of the free world, it's like, fuck
you, who's going to, like, balance the budget
and, like, in the meantime, like, who's going to fill the potholes
on my street, and, you know,
and maybe we'll have some nice fish fries at our
local churches, and
bingo games, and, like, jump rope
competitions.
So for another pancake to the firehouse?
And maybe we'll, I think we can get back
to one mass shooting a year.
Oh, yeah. I really do.
The 90's were so awesome,
it was like a, it was like Christmas,
the mass shooting was like, this crazy,
whoa, somebody shot, like, a million people
and, like, whoa!
My pitch is that we have, we only have one,
but it's like a huge one, like,
it's like, let's have a good mass shooting every year.
They got to stop me in weekly, it's getting me,
getting me down.
It's getting you down?
I don't know.
These mass shootings are kind
of, kind of crabbing your style.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'd like them to be less mass.
Like, to get mass.
And more shooting.
Yeah, well, that's fun.
That's the thing, like, the mass
shootings aren't the problem, it's the
the bullets keep hitting people.
There's a guy who's just like, like,
mass shooting, it's like a food fight!
Pew, pew, pew, pew, pew!
Yeah, like,
things are spinning around, yeah.
Yeah, if a guy went up into
a clock tower and just
missed everybody, that'd be great.
Yeah, well, like, the OK Corral,
that was, like, the coolest
gunfight ever. It was like, seven dudes
died or something like that, right?
Yeah, they missed a bunch, though.
And it lasted hours, like,
and they were all, like, related, like,
oh, McClintock got shot.
I'm pretty sure you got that totally wrong.
Anyways.
It was short, and almost everybody died, except for one or two people.
My point was, because I only see you guys
once a week, like, I just wanted you
to make it through this week.
I'll see you again next week.
Thanks!
We start by talking about, like, oh, who needs help
and, like, let's talk to each other, and then it always,
inevitably, we scrape down to the part,
like, the reason why we're gathered here
is because my alienation and your alienation
and we go, like, we gotta get the fuck out of here,
like, this planet sucks, like, we're all doomed,
but, and it's true, we are,
it's true, and we will get out of here,
but, but, but, like, it would be a shame
if we didn't make it to the, uh, launch pad,
you know, because we got caught.
It's kind of amazing, like, I came up here,
because, like, I think everyone thinks this
when they come to Harmontown, it's like,
I want to come, and it's partly selfish
because you want to be in, because we're all
narcissists to some degree, and I'm a narcissist,
I'm, for sure.
But it's like, Harmontown is
the closest thing I have to a church.
It's the closest thing I have
to something that I, I come back to
weekly, and I just decided
your body feeling any pain anymore.
Yes!
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
Everybody is home now!
Let's hear from Gabrielle Marina.
Her name means a house by a water.
Let's hear it, uh,
for Doug Frisburton from the Washington Post.
Special equipment, I'm Jeff Davis,
your mayor, Dan Harmon.
Let's
try to get it from church status
to cult status, uh,
very quickly.
Can we pass the plate?
Uh, when do we pass the round?
I'm just gonna pass, I'm gonna go straight to passing Kool-Aid.
Like, I don't need money.
Yeah.
Drive fast
and take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a Kool-Aid show!
Zero
Audio.